[Music]
take a gander at this magnificent sight
ladies and gentlemen see this on my head
you know what that is that's a red party
hat how did you get that you might be
wondering well it's very simple I stood
outside of the varrock West Bank for 10
hours selling lobsters for 250 GP each
and buying them for 150 GP each it's
called being a tier one class a merchant
and I'm incredible that's enough since I
just got ancients it inspired me to
train my magic a little more and that's
made me think is there any gear I can
wear that doesn't suck mystic robes were
released in January 2005 and the magic
guild store has been open since 2002 so
by release and reach into the savings
there she is
full mystic except for the pointy hat
cuz we don't need that we are
unstoppable
but before we do anything I've gotta
tell you guys some want here one second
Hey yeah I'm I'm a real person sorry to
ruin any immersion that you've had you
may noticed I have a green screen behind
me will I use it maybe a company called
dis plate found me and they said that's
a guy that looks like he has Walmart
posters of girls and bikinis riding
motorcycles but they said hey Jim it's
2020 there's no reason to have posters
on paper material display it's a website
that sells artwork on metal posters
here's one of my favorite movies ever
Las Vegas hometown baby you can pick
which kind of color and material border
you want Saving Private Ryan you ever
seen that movie I have so I'm gonna put
it on my wall in medal fashion they have
user-submitted artwork movies TV shows
games there's one a faux looking heroic
and patriotic bodis got his whale thing
in fact my good buddy seven sleeper you
know the guy that uh yeah he won a
golden know in October made me this
thing I mean look at my guys and the
wise old man's house he's good he's
looking good it's also super easy to set
up they've got mad
it won't screw up your walls it's
awesome as long as you are putting a
metal poster on your wall a tree is
going in the ground that's a good guy
move I've got a link down in the
description you click that you get a
discount and a tree goes in the ground
thanks to display for sponsoring this
video and for being for being
exceptional fellows that's all I got for
you enjoy the video I'm about to get hit
in the fails man it is April 26 2005 and
we're about to do it's Lauren's little
helper this quest is the last piece of
content I ever release that was a part
of my according to Jim series so this is
pretty sweet being this far into the
quest that might just be a weird
personal milestone but I'm happy to be
here oh it's a dog yeah this quest is
our introduction to so finem it's the
southernmost desert city it translates
the City of the Dead in some language I
could not find there's a sketchy lady
camping in the desert over here so let's
put an end to her peace and quiet and
see what's going on good day ma'am yeah
my cats hissing at this lady cuz it just
knows something's wrong okay she hates
cats wants me to put my cat away I
remember the last time I was here oh my
god fine John get in oh yeah I'll just
jump in your backpack it's uh it's not
like it's 120 degrees outside yeah okay
thanks [__] oh my god it's so [__]
hot in here I can't breathe good times
man good times
apparently there's a secret passage
somewhere I'm pretty sure she's
hypnotizing me or something she's
telling me to look into her eyes and I
feel kind of weird look deeply into them
Jesus Christ lady oh I'm at a secret
entrance like a thing I am in the city
okay that ghost is trying to talk to me
she called me an evildoer okay grave
Defiler she'll out spawn of evil the
pathetic excuse for a thief hey Morgan
snatcher what's this guy's problem I'm
just gonna go inside the pyramid I've
been insulted enough ah yes I remember
this little maze thing pretty well not
because of the dead things and bug
swarms but because of the jump you have
to make multiple times that Olympic pole
vaulters wouldn't dream of making look
at the launch technique here yep
one attempt I'm already winded it's
going great I fell again I love this
quest please yes now I have to solve a
puzzle I'm poisoned I love it hey you
guys want to see something that doesn't
make any sense yeah I don't know what's
going on here
yeah I did that all through my own brain
smarts why am i outside three years
later I still can't figure out the
background of this quest Oh
freeze-frame you know what that means an
attempt to explain the [__] show to you
because if I don't we'll all be lost and
hate ourselves this huge CAD guys call
the Sphinx it became friends with my cat
I researched the entire lore of this
quest and it's so confusing that I can't
see straight so here's all you need to
know the Devourer bad demigod of
destruction it's Lawren dog demigod of
the dead if they're siblings devourer
wants to kill Souls dog God says no stop
now this giant cats dad she's making us
solve a riddle and if we don't get it
right it takes our cat I got it right
okay remember the ghost that was
roasting us totally justified
turns out this little urn that appeared
in my backpack that's that ghost urn and
inside this urn are his intestines I
stole it while I was hypnotized that's
really fun I went to the high priest of
the city he's a dimwit so I just went
and put the ghost intestines back
because that's pretty disgusting when I
want to go jump the bridge a flashback
happened this right here the old swirly
[__] around the border that means I'm in
the hypnotized phase this is like a
flashback so when I took the jar this
guy popped up and I have glitter aided
him I turned back and oh look we're back
at the present fail delete I got to the
other side I put the remains back and
the ghost was pretty stoked about that
apparently I started a plague or
something typical me I helped them get
ready for a ceremony thing and then met
them in the pyramid Oh cat girl aka the
devourer appeared and summoned a guide
to kill me but then I killed him [__]
plot twist I saved the world or
something and the priests still has
chickenpox and nothing was fixed
Oh also I met the dog he's like he's a
good guy I am so lost at this point I
couldn't tell you exactly what happened
but but we did it well here that's
that's it we did it that was terrible
that was awful let's let's get out of
the desert please jump with me cat we're
doing this what the [__] my game just
crashed okay yeah you can try to try but
it won't work I'm actually on my way to
do tears of guthix but I'd have these as
a slayer tasks now eh pee baby you know
me man frogs are communists I'm so
uncomfortable quest that'll help us
train
the worst skill in the game there's a
snake over here Juna and she's telling
us how she is so [__] bored I know
exactly what you mean Juna I know
exactly so before we can tell her a
story because you know clearly we're the
best storyteller of all time we need to
collect tears I started crying hard and
heavy but that's not what she meant
apparently so whatever halite creature
take me for a ride baby hold on can't oh
I'm home No
[Music]
she is so [__] bored and exactly what
you mean you know I've been playing so
many different accounts trying to find
that sense of adventure again
[Music]
[Applause]
finally away
[Music]
no-no-no so and all screw-ups I've had
this series and and there's been a lot
this one makes me the saddest my entire
runescape career I've always associated
tears of Gothic stew runecrafting
unfortunately that is not how tears of
guthix works the mini-game gives you X P
in your lowest skill if you remember
last episode I got 25 XP in runecrafting
to do a clue scroll therefore it was no
longer my lowest skill I'd honest-to-god
do not think twice to look that up
because I'm an idiot
[__] fit I need to take a gamer break
I'm not I'm taking everything you've got
I'm not leaving what did you just put
the money in the bag no one's got to get
hurt buddies open it up oh [__] alright
well it's time for you to start paying
rent you're an adult now it's that time
again where we do our best to interpret
low IQ dialogue because we're doing
Zuger flesh-eaters yes i'd note my mouse
got messed up while i was recording this
so good luck this is grish lord of the
incompetence swine flu or crota virus or
something has made its way to these guys
area so it's up to us to save them all
for literally no reason this guy's gonna
let us in so we could investigate the
scene and he just broke the entire fence
to let me in holy [__] just let natural
selection take its course why am i
saving these guys there's some stuff we
need to find over here I it's a dead guy
who gets to die twice and I'm diseased
perfect I have to search this coffin
thing and these [__] won't stop
attacking me so I can't they keep
interrupting my action oh my god
alright there yeah so I guess I should
mention this since you guys can already
tell but I've been playing a ton of
different games and really enjoying
putting content together I have a couple
videos that I've put dozens of hours of
editing into that are staying buried for
now until I can get some feedback on
bits of other games thrown in but let me
know where you guys all stand regarding
me posting other games to this channel
cuz
I've been making some stellar stuff this
past month and I would really prefer to
put them here rather than let them stay
on a second Channel I don't know I think
it'd be fun and it gives me a lot more
creative freedom so let me know what you
guys think apparently this guy has some
intel on who might be responsible for
plaguing those ogres hopefully we can't
find the son of a [__] so we can give
him a high five and show our respects
this diamond we found earlier is used
for dark magic which is apparently
banned probably shouldn't tell this guy
I can cast a spell that puts anyone I
want in a block of ice there was a
wizard doing research on dark magic in
this town so he might be our guy
I'm breaking into his house looks like
he's taking a little nap I asked him
about the whole thing he's like ogres
disease now man I'd never even know
about any of that once said do you mind
if I look around your room then he's
like what no don't don't do that what
the [__] is my room go away and I'm like
no I'm good I'm gonna look anyway found
some books about painting dark magic and
he's a ham member so yeah and this guy
definitely wants to kill ogres for fun
we're gonna draw a picture of this guy
I'm gonna tell him it's to practice my
drawing but I'm actually making a wanted
poster how has this guy not tried to
murder me yet I've just been walking
around his room invading all categories
of privacy I don't think he can walk I
showed the drawing of that guy to the
bartender and he confirmed that he is a
bad bad dude this mage guy just gave us
a potion and he claims it will solicit
some answers so this should be a fun
time a very illegal time just gonna pour
this in his tea right in front of him no
it's just honey now [__] drink it
better be gone by the time I get back
it's got a pretty nice place
did you drink them oh my god what hey he
looks like sloth from the Goonies what a
dumbass
yeah he's fasting up now he told us how
to remove the disease and how to make
brutal arrows so we can kill this ogre
guys
he said the plague thing is permanent so
I just threatened to keep him like that
forever which I probably will I mean I'm
not gonna make an effort at any point to
undo this I'm getting some wolf bones to
make those arrows and this wolf just
doesn't give a [__] apparently okay made
a composite ogre bow and arrows now
we're gonna go kill a big scary boss guy
show yourself scumbag Jesus Christ slash
bash slash bash you were a gigantic
[__] what the hell his primary attack
is sneezing on me when he sneezes it
gives me that disease thing all it does
is drain random stats so I have restore
Zhai drink the anti disease potion and
I'm good to go
ez fight ez money easy
we're experienced these bones are unreal
these shit's going straight to the ecto
funk this the things I just got down
there were their ceremony pieces so they
can move their camp so they're good to
go we did it quest complete these guys
can go still not know how to read
somewhere else that other guy can be an
ogre for eternity and no longer my
business let's get the hell out of here
what on the next episode of quest guy
goes to the grocery store we're gonna be
investigating a certain rat of this
castle while dressed as a communist frog
but on a different note life's been
pretty crazy and kind of rough this last
month and I know this was definitely a
different episode but thank you guys for
the patience on these I have a ton of
projects and the works on both old
school and other games so again let me
know what kind of tickle you get with
the idea of me posting those non
runescape videos on here because there's
quite a few projects just sitting in a
vault just waiting thanks gamers I'll
see you guys soon
[Music]
you